I went up and said,
I'll take it from you, I'll take it from you,
I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours,
I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours,
I'll take it from you, I'll take it from you,
I'll take it from you,
I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours,
I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours, I'll take yours I'll take it, you'll take it, I'll take it, you'll take it
Married and had a baby
It must have been planted one year ago with Sibenshi outside.
if i were you
I haven't even trained myself to see people worshiping marriage.
You care about starting
Just don't worry about me being rude to you
So do you know who I am?
I'm the one who puts a price on beauty
If you dare to touch me,
The forehead is broken, you are not the guide arm
He doesn't dare to touch me, I dare